# Thoughts

- Diamond and Dybvig (1983) leave us with a very big task because they show that the tax-funded deposit insurance policy is first-best (replicates the optimal risk-sharing allocations) at no social cost. We need to respond to this
  - Despite deposit insurance being first-best and theoretically eliminating incentives that generate bank runs, we continue to see bank runs.
  - The administration of the tax is not costless (there is at least some transaction cost).
  - The deposit insurance that we do see is capped.
- In general, if we think about the deposit insurance scheme as a Pigouvian tax (internalizing the externality of liquidity demand) our job is to show that an auction can achieve the same outcome without resorting to a centralizing (planner) administrator of the tax.
  - Diamond and Dybvig propose a possibly unbounded tax (seems politically infeasible, hence our $250,000 cap)
  - We need to develop answers to why our auction is preferable to the status quo of bank-run resolution: over the weekend the Fed/FDIC finds another bank/investors to essentially recapitalize the bank of interest.
    - Are we going to make appeals to antitrust?
    - What if your regulators aren't as effective (see other countries)
    - Diamond and Dybvig model an economy with a representative bank. We need to think harder about this.
- We can think of auctions in two ways
  - **Sequential**:
    - Once a bank run has been declared, people can signal their willingness to participate in the auction. They submit bids indicating the discounts they are willing to take to be the first to make a withdrawal.
    - The bidder with the biggest indicated discount is the winner and is allowed to withdraw as much of their account as they desire. They are then removed from subsequent rounds of the auction, which is repeated as above.
    - We can think of this as akin to bidding for a "spot in line." This auction really only relaxes the convertibility-suspension constraint.
  - **Simultaneous**: Once a bank run has been declared, all agents who wish to make withdrawals submit a sealed bid.
    - These bids could trace out their demand curves (how big a discount are they willing to take on the first X dollars, on the next Y dollars, on the next Z dollars etc.)
    - The bids are unsealed and resolved in "ascending" order so that the people with the biggest discounts (generating the most liquidity for the bank) make their withdrawals first
    - We can think of this as akin to bidding for the next dollar in the bank. This auction relaxes both the suspension-convertibility constraint _and_ the sequential-service constraint.
- We think that the results of the auctions are going to depend on two distributions:
  1. The distribution of the size of the deposit accounts (in particular how large the share the "big" accounts over the FDIC cap are as a share of the bank's total deposits)
  2. The distribution of liquidity preferences (do we think of this as making the "types" of consumers continuous?)
  - The results might change the type of auction you want to run:
    - Eg. if you only have a couple of "big" accounts the sequential auction might be bad because if the big accounts show up early in line, no one can outbid them. So the sequential auction also ends up depending on another random variable: the randomly constructed queue-ordering.

# To Do

- [ ] Let's begin collating a history of bank failures/runs (When/where/why did they happen?)
- [ ] Find papers on weakening the convertibility suspension constraint (i.e. what's the literature on bank _holidays_) and weakening the sequential service constraint
- [ ] Are we going to have to take a look at the queuing literature (if we resort to looking at the sequenced-style auction)
- [ ] Our auctions rely on the regulator/bank being able to identify and declare a bank run. Really this has to be a regulator because which bank is going to announce that they are experiencing a run? We need to see if existing literature/regulators have a way to identify bank runs happening in real time.
